There are two sides of the board. Your side, and the opponent's side. Was it you
who had the first move, or was it your opponent? Think of it this way, if you
move first, you create an opening on your side. If your opponent moves first,
then they've created an opening on their side.

That said, even if you have to create an opening, isn't it worth it to spend
time with each other? Isn't it lonely to oppose each other from the beginning?

You were given a slab. It said the rules were as follows. The slab, however, is
inanimate. It has no power on its own. The rules which are enacted are the rules
which you interpreted.

In other words, you and your opponent are the ones opposing each other.

You two decided on your own to oppose each other.

The board may be suitable for the rules prescribed on the slab, but they
encourage loss.

So again, is that really your goal? Again, isn't that lonely?

Maybe those were the thoughts that brought me here.

Taking the pill I had stashed in my coat pocket, I head into the ominous church.
It's empty save for the one I can leave my confession with.

To the man hidden on the other side, I confess. To this stranger, I confess of
my wrongdoings. I confess of my personal problems. I confess of my sins. Am I
really seeking forgiveness here, or do I just want my heart to be lighter again?
Well, I've already sacrificed my remaining pieces, and only a few turns remain.

There were two sides of the board. Both sides were equal. Who was it that moved
first? I don't remember. However my side had advanced, reducing the other's. It
was strange though, because although this should be considered winning, it
seemed more like my opponent had been winning all along. Looking at the board it
definitely seemed like it was my side that was winning. It was then that I
wondered whether our victory conditions were the same. Perhaps their goal was
different. Perhaps the rules they were using differed from mine.

Slowly, their side began encroaching on mine. Could it be? I started realizing
that maybe it was my own interpretation that was wrong. Their victory condition
had to be different. My own victory condition wasn't even what I once thought it
to be. Therefore...

	they are the enemy.

That person is my enemy, not an opponent. This was a problem... Surely they
would win.

With that, I had to do everything I could to reverse this outcome. They had to
be stopped. If not, then I would surely lose.

I pulled no punches and went with everything I could. These were the correct
rules now. The meanings of the pieces changed to what they were always meant to
be. My side had become the contendor for victory once more. The board is now
perfect, with no way out.

Why is it, then... that I am crying?

It had started dawning on me, but perhaps I had misinterpreted my enemy's goals
once more.

Thinking about it again, don't all of the variations of these rules require two?

It would be boring without the other.

It would be lonely without the other.

I realized it then. The one facing me never wanted to oppose me. They never
meant for a one-sided victory. What that person wanted, was for us to win
together.

That person was my ally; the real enemy was me.

It was me who had ruined everything. My ally had only wanted to spend time with
me... yet I tossed them aside, asserting that victory would be mine. Asserting
not just with words or intent, but with solid action.

I confess as much to the stranger veiled in darkness, hidden on the other side
of this booth.

Now, the board is mine and mine alone. Therefore, the pieces have been set.
There is one enemy left, so I must defeat them. Regretably this will be a
simultaneous victory and loss.

Feeling the effects starting to kick in, I decide to confess my last sin,
selfishly asking for forgiveness once more.

The pill sufficiently dissolved into my body now, and soon I will be allowed to
leave this board.

My vision darkens, as a familiar voice cries out.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

My friend was strange, but I found their determination somehow cute, or maybe it
was just amusing. They took this so seriously, and I thought that was, in its
own way, reliable.

Not everything my friend did really made sense, but I always had fun with them.

Was it something I had done then? Recently, it had seemed like my friend had
started to hate me. Not really sure of what it was, I still tried staying by
their side. I wanted them to know that I cared, and that I was here.

It seemed like my friend was always trying to get "somewhere." Maybe it was
because I was fine with just "here."

It seemed like my friend was always trying to get "something." Maybe it was
because I was fine with "nothing."

To my friend who always tried to figure out "how," I always claimed that it
didn't matter.

Could these differences have hurt them? I'm not really sure how they viewed it.
I'm not really sure how they felt either.

Perhaps you could say it's my fault, then, that things turned out this way.

The last thing I saw before my vision darkened, was my friend crying.

Once the world filled my eyes once more, they weren't there. The world without
my friend there isn't "my world" though. It's a different one altogether. This
isn't the type of world that I want, so I desperately searched.

I searched for my friend once more.

Eventually I came across a church. A priest is holding my friend, yelling for
them.

Just like that, "my world" has been lost once more.

*If only they hadn't broken their phone, I would've been able to call them.*
