# lolwtfisthis

Sigh.

「朝！朝だよ～朝ごはん食べて、学校行くよ！」

...

「朝！朝だよ～」

...

「朝ごはん食べて、学校行くよ！」

Having heard this alarm 1,000 times prior, I can no longer make any sense of it.

「朝！朝だよ～朝ごはん食べて」 - *click*

I turn it off. Listening to it 1,000 more times might have helped, but I decide
against it. Now, to clarify, what I meant by "alarm" was my "alarm clock." Of
course, nobody uses "alarm clocks" any more. What I really mean to say is that
I'm using "my" phone, which has an aptly named "Alarm" app built-in.

You're wondering why I put quotes around "my," aren't you? Well you're sharp. I
congratulate you for having such attention to detail. Especially at this hour.
No really, I mean it. Look at my expression. Doesn't it look like I'm impressed?
Sure it does. Anyway, let me provide relief for your curiosity now. I say that,
but it will probably prove to be a lie.

The reason I would go out of my way to enclose the word "my" with quotes in the
first place, considering my amazing level of efficiency, is to imply that there
is something which renders the statement a mere technicality. Sure, I bought the
phone. Yes, I own it and that's my name in the registration. Nothing out of the
ordinary yet. It's a glorious device actually. With a larger but relatively
thin model, and a chic black coat, it's a pleasure to hold. The screen nominally
has some sort of super durable scratch resistant glass. Behind the various
scratches scattered across the glass there are pixels. Behind the pixels there
sits a beast of a computing system that would rival the laptops released in the
last half-decade. To keep up with all that, there's an efficient battery that
will last an entire day when using the phone moderately.

It's truly a wonderful device. It certainly filled the hole in my heart that its
purchase left in my wallet. However, I have this friend. Wait, sorry, that's
wrong. I have this nemesis. Wait, that might be a bit too strong... Still, I
guess it's better than "friend." I digress though. He is the one responsible for
this problem. This nemesis of mine, he's apparently really good with computers.
He works for a certain government's "citizen's privacy invasion and general
regulation" department. Ah, sorry that's wrong. What was it again? "National
Surveillance Aberrancy," I think. Well that's somewhat tangential even if
relevant. Sorry for straying a bit.

What I'm driving at here is that this nemesis of mine, for one reason or
another, implemented a "mitigation" onto my phone through one of the National
Surveillance Aberrancy's various "regulated" population control systems. Since
it came from the National Surveillance Aberrancy, would it be called an
Aberration? Ah, wait. I don't know why but I get the feeling I'll be accused of
copying from a certain story if I go with a term like that. Not that I really
care, but I'm somehow under the impression that the world might crumble if I
were to do that. We'll just keep referring to it as a "mitigation" then, I
guess.

This "mitigation" is a personification of some artificial intelligence. Instead
of being a mysterious blue highschool girl who performs various mischievous but
generally light hearted stunts that bring my life a bit of guilty pleasure, it's
just a man in a suit that says "no" every time I try to do something. Just last
week I went to order a new keyboard online and my card was declined. I'm fairly
certain it was the fault of that "mitigation." Jackass.

Anyway, back to the alarm. As you are probably painfully aware, this
"mitigation" applied a change to my phone on behalf of my nemesis at the
National Surveillance Aberrancy. Shortly afterwards, I got a call from him. To be
clear, calls from him are always under special treatment by the "mitigation."
As you might expect, this "mitigation" would normally decline calls before I get
a chance to answer them at its own discretion. If I made an attempt to give a
call back then the "mitigation" would refuse me with a simple "no" flat out. Of
course, my nemesis would always be allowed through. Any attempts to decline his
calls are themselves declined, again with a "no." (Though in such cases, the
"mitigation" would look a bit angry.) If I simply attempt not to answer, as I've
discovered, the "mitigation" would... do things... For example: Drain bank
account by $5 for each second it goes unanswered, with the penalty raised by $50
per second each fifteen seconds I don't answer. Somehow it's even able to send
the account negative and trigger overdraft fees as well. What I'm getting at is,
in order to survive in this modern society, I must answer his calls.

Hammer time. Wait, that's not right... What I mean to say is "Stop." Right,
let's try again: Halt thine thought process. Close enough, right? Ah no, that's
not really close at all. Umm... Well whatever. You might be thinking "Why not
just remove this 'mitigation'? All you have to do is turn off the phone or
forcibly remove the battery, then restart it while doing the manufacturer's
special incantation to initiate the spell of 'factory reset' and get everything
back to normal." I must commend you. It's not much of a reward, but my
perception of you will now be that of the "you" I previously perceived you as,
but with +10 IQ. Unfortunately, I thought of the same thing. Sorry, but I'm
afraid I'll have to perceive you as my new perception of you, but with the IQ
level of the previous perception.

The "mitigation" somehow exists outside of time and space. Well, that would
actually be really cool if that were the case. The advancement of science would
be worth the pain of politics at that point. Alas, it was a lie. Sorry, I can be
a bit deceptive at times. For example, there was once a time when mommy- ...
"mother" asked "Did you eat all your vegetables?" and with the composure of a
cold heartless machine that wasn't afraid of its mommy or "consequences"
responded with "Of course! Every last one. I ate all of them. At least, all of
them were eaten. And I didn't give the dog any at all. I'm a good boy, so I
deserve a cookie. Wouldn't you agree?" I don't really remember much of what
happened after that... but I'm sure it went well. I'm clever after all.

Anyway that's how deceptive I can be. So, no the "mitigation" doesn't really
exist outside of time and space in a physical sense. Though, that's how it seems
in practice. A factory reset simply won't get rid of the "mitigation." Actually,
if you go to do one, he just pops up on the screen and laughs at you, then he
just deletes all your files.

Okay, but what about getting a different phone? Yes, I'm sure you think "It
can't possibly -" but yes, it can. It will. It does. Relentlessly. I asked for
an exchange, and they gave me a brand new device. Sealed. Never before opened!
As soon as I turned it on, the "mitigation" found its way to me. I tried going
with another exchange and a new account even. (Doing so was hell, by the way.)
It didn't help. That is to say, I'm basically stuck with the "mitigation" now.

Going back to the issue of the alarm, I could always just pick up an analogue
alarm clock. No matter what, the "mitigation" can't affect something that's
built purely mechanically. I'm not so concerned about it that I'd bother to
sacrifice the convenience of a digital device though. Well, it seems rather
inconvenient if I think about it this way, but that doesn't really matter.

So, about the call I received from my nemesis after the "mitigation" was
installed. He claimed it was a simple mistake and that he actually meant to just
do a prank for whatever reason. However, due to entirely separate reasons, he
wouldn't be able to remove the "mitigation" for about a week or so. Therefore,
left with no alternative, I thus tried all of the aforementioned ways to remove
the "mitigation." Suffice it to say that none of them worked. I explained as
much earlier. What were you expecting? So, I simply needed to wait the week out,
with the company of the "mitigation."

The week was coming to an end. The promise my nemesis made to remove the
"mitigation" was still in good standing. The promise would be upheld! Joy joy
happy happy! Or something like that.

Then the zombie outbreak occurred and he turned. The "mitigation" can't turn
since it's not human. Incidentally, a lot of people refused to refer to the
zombies as zombies because they felt like it was a cliche. They used terms like
"biters" or "abominations" for no good reason. They were among the first to go.
Along with people who refer to the mythical monster "alot" when they really
meant to say "a lot," those who use nonsensical words like "irregardless," as
well as all "SAO" fans. Of course, I'm a badass. It'd take more than a measly
horde of zombies to take me out.

I held my own until the magical lolis made themselves known to the world. I
don't understand how so many ideal beautiful highschool lolis had such power, or
why this weird albino cat was flying around following them. It's strange, they
all seem to like that thing, but every once in awhile he'll go up to a wounded
loli and start eating the loli. Naturally, my first instinct is to protect the
loli. However, by the time that thought reaches my head all that's left behind
is a pool of blood where the loli used to be and some hairballs. Let's not speak
of that ever again.

Anyhow, the magical lolis managed to defeat the zombies, so the world is
functioning again. However, various government agencies became more interested
in the magical lolis. I have a simple motto though: "Never lose a loli." So I
offered protection to several of them.

After spending a few days in the county jail for completely unjustified reasons,
like "loli wrangling," I came home to find that I'd successfully convinced some
of the lolis to stay under my protection. (Heheh. Loli wrangling: SUCCESS!) That
was a really big relief because, and I'm sure you can relate to this from your
own experience, being called a creep by elementary school girls is really
depressing, y'know? Anyway, despite having my own harem I'm not letting it get
to my head at all. Trust me.

"Big brother, it's time to wake up!" one of the lolis dressed as a maid with
glasses said as she barged into my room. "Nnnn, not right now" another loli
responds as she climbed out of the sheets wearing only an apron.

Ah, my phone is vibrating. Upon picking it up I can see the "mitigation"
crossing his arms with a large bold red "NO" typed above his head. Heheh, he's
just jealous.

The maid-with-glasses loli that barged in earlier keeps saying something, but I
stopped listening after I realized she hadn't brought in food. Ah, she's
climbing into the sheets now too. I lay back down and stare at the ceiling.

It's just white plaster. It doesn't look particularly safe. It would probably
collapse if it were struck by a soda can that fell from some aircraft. Ah, that
would be rather reckless of the pilot. Mr. Pilot, aren't you supposed to keep
control of your passengers? Oh, no wait. That's the flight attendant and the
various undercover agents that ride the crafts as well. Hmm, I suppose all those
checks, probes, cavity searches, partial castrations, and "conformance
injections" prior to getting onto the aircraft are meant to protect us from that
sort of thing too. I guess I can rest easy knowing that my roof won't be
collapsing from a stray soda can! Not today anyway.

As I stare at the now guiltily calming white plaster of my ceiling, that
apron-only loli starts saying something. I don't really speak "hysterical little
girl" but I think it's linguistically similar to "woman." I don't really speak
that either, but based on its similarity to English I was able to determine that
she was in fact *not* saying that she'd make me a sandwich. Unacceptable.
Considering I was just about to fall asleep with the comfort of knowing that I'd
be protected from soda cans from the sky in exchange for intense intimate
violations several hours prior to boarding any aircraft, this is unacceptable.

"Cueball!"

The strange albino cat showed up.

"The apron one."

She shows a look of abject terror on her face. I sense that she perceives this
as not just a betrayal of her, but a betrayal of my own motto: "Never lose a
loli." In this case, I'm not losing a loli. Trust me on this; I'm completely
sane.

The weird albino cat, whom I've named Cueball, begins dragging her away from the
bed by one of her legs as she kicks and screams. "Big brother, why!?" (Oh, I
understood that!) "Don't worry, I'll always remember you Himiko!" "My name's
HiyOHNO!!!" Cueball promptly shut the door. There are some muffled screams, but
I didn't hear much after that. My gaze wandered over to the door after a few
moments. A pool of red seeps into the carpet. "Oh, someone must've spilled
Kewlaid." I notice a giant grin on the maid-with-glasses loli as she snuggles
closer and holds me tighter.

I close my eyes to think. Just then the phone vibrates again. Upon looking at it
I see the "mitigation" giving a thumbs-down sign with the red "NO" text
scrolling across the screen. "Fine. How about I just close my eyes?" The "NO"
text disappeared and the "mitigation" smiled. That's creepy. I set the phone
down and close my eyes. Heheh, I'm still gonna think though. (I already told
you, didn't I? I'm deceptive.) Probably anyway.

A scary thought suddenly crosses my mind. What if... what if I'm only an
apparition, or an illusion of some kind? What if my own self-awareness isn't a
true self-awareness. After all, I don't know how anybody else experiences
self-awareness. It could be the case that I'm the only person in the world who
isn't truly a being. I could be a phenomenon that somehow perceives itself as
existing, when I don't really exist at all. If that were the case, I'd probably
be the dying thoughts of my nemesis as he dies from zombies.

This could all be a metaphor for something else even. Perhaps there were never
any zombies, but I perceive zombies as existing as a way to make sense of the
stress my nemesis had. If I'm the dying thoughts of my nemesis, then that means
I'm either regret or self-loathing. In that case, "my" personification is all
the parts of me that were suppressed perhaps. If that's the case then perhaps
all the death I've seen in the lolis, in the things I love, is just another form
of stress or... Wait. That doesn't work. Let's try again.

If my nemesis died from zombies. Sorry no, if I died from stress, how does that
explain the continued visions of lolis dying? In that case, the only logical
thing (fight me bro, this is the only logical thing, there is no other possible
view on this since everything is either black or white always) is that I killed
myself in a way that left a lot of blood. The visions of brutal loli deaths that
I saw was a combination of realizing what I love is disappearing, and my actual
eyes sending signals to my now oxygen deprived brain to stimulate the scenery of
blood that I've seen here. The real world seeping into my dream, essentially.

None of that explains the National Surveillance Aberrancy however. I suppose one
possibility would be that it's a metaphor for what caused my stress in the first
place. That's a somewhat terrible metaphor. Then again, this is a dying brain so
does it really matter how good or bad, or how consistent it seems?

Okay, but what about the "mitigation" then? Why would that exist, and how come
it's so persistent about denying things? That could be explained by saying it's
a representation of the unification of everything that denied my own liberties,
no matter how capricious my desires were. Probably anyway.

... Hahaha, no. That would be too ridiculous. It's simply not possible here in
this world of magical lolis. Actually, even if that were truly the case, does it
matter? It's not like reality provides a way to prove itself. If anything, it's
just a really persistent dream that you keep having. There's no way to prove
reality exists, and there's no way to prove that this world of magical lolis
isn't the real world either. The concept of "real" doesn't really matter. Even
if this were, and it's not, a phenomenon that's occurring in the dying thoughts
of a man that despised himself, it doesn't matter. Whether an experience is real
or not doesn't change how that experience felt, or what you learned from it. How
others perceive your experiences doesn't matter either.

This thought process that I'm having is really no good for me. It's got me
questioning the meaning of existence, and that's just too much for a morning
like this. Now I just want to see my magical lolis again.

So, I open my eyes. The white plaster ceiling fills my entire field of view.
Suddenly, it feels like something is missing. I look around and find that the
maid-with-glasses loli isn't here. I look at my phone to find that the
"mitigation" is gone. Standing up, I head toward the door. There's a pool of red
seeping into the carpet there.

Upon opening the door, I stare at the ground. More precisely, I stare at the
lifeless figures lying there. Two corpses, covered in blood. The first, a young
girl. She's small. She looks so small... The second figure is much taller in
comparison. Covered in blood as well, I look at that figure's face. Ahh... that
was me.

As I disappear, my gaze wanders over to an object, and it immediately makes the
entire situation clear: Death by flying soda can.
