# Seiryuu and Sayoko ~Another~

The evening sun bleeds onto the rooftop of the school building. It’s an area
that should normally be empty. An area which students are normally forbidden
from going to.

There was a pair of two students there.

--------

“It’s late.”

“Why do I have to do this?”

Seiryuu was walking around the interior of the school building, looking for a
pair of students. He was given the order by a teacher he had trouble refusing.

Exasperated with his search, which he was likely too diligent in, he headed
toward the rooftop. He wasn’t really familiar with the two students he was
searching for… having searched everywhere else, he might as well have searched
there too.

It was a restricted area.

--------

With tears in her eyes and the sun hitting the left side of her face, she spoke
to the other girl facing her.

“So… let’s die together. Okay?”

A small and fragile smile adorned her face.

The other girl smiled in kind, tears falling from her as well, and responded
with a simple nod. Saying anything would be too difficult for her.

--------

As Seiryuu reached the top of the staircase, he noticed the pair of students he
was looking for through a small window in the door.

“So they really were up here,” he thought to himself innocently.

Something was strange though…

--------

On the rooftop dyed by the setting sun, the two girls faced each other. They
were very similar in appearance… Strikingly similar.

At that moment, Seiryuu was determining whether it would be okay to open the
door. That’s when it happened.

The two girls leaned into each other, and kissed.

Seiryuu was taken aback by this sudden change in the situation. This clearly
wasn’t something he should barge in on. Alas, he was already gripping the
doorknob, and inadvertently opened the door.

The two girls looked back over, in shock.

Looking closer, there was an obvious conclusion. The pair of students were
twins.

Rather than staying there, stunned by the appearance of a third person, they
chose to quickly move past him.

Seiryuu still needed to bring them to the teacher who had ordered him to seek
them out, although at this point it seemed like it would be fine to simply say
he couldn’t find them.

So, time passed. He did just that.

--------

The next day.

Seiryuu wasn’t particularly interested in what had happened. After all, it
didn’t really matter. Although, that teacher would probably force him to find
those two students again.

The only thing he really knew about them was that they were apparently twins
who were also lovers, or something. It’s not something that really mattered.

By chance he happened to see the two students during lunch. They were in the
cafeteria idly eating bread. Deciding that the teacher would likely send him
looking for them again, or at least that the possibility of that was nonzero,
he began talking with them.

“So yeah, if you could visit him later, that would save me a lot of trouble,”
he concluded with.

The pair looked at him with listless expressions. They had barely said anything
during the whole conversation. Rather than saying anything of substance, they
merely nodded and went back to idly eating their food.

“Well… See ya then.”

Slightly dejected by their response, Seiryuu took his leave.

There was nothing really interesting at all about any of this, but the
situation was pretty strange no matter how you looked at it.

Why did that teacher have Seiryuu look for those two even though he had only
seen them in passing a few times? Why did that teacher need to see them anyway,
and couldn’t he have looked for them himself? Their reaction to him was pretty
cold as well. Assuming Seiryuu’s memory from yesterday wasn’t too far off, they
had tears in their eyes. What had happened?

But, none of that was of anything more than a passing curiosity. It would soon
be replaced by whatever idle happenings of the day took place. There was no
reason they should stay on Seiryuu’s mind.

--------

Earlier that day, Seiryuu had awoken to the sound of his phone’s alarm clock,
as he usually does. And, as was usual for him, he had utterly destroyed the
phone in response, thus causing him to need to replace it. His younger sister,
Sayoko, took this set of events pretty well. Rather, she had barely reacted to
it at all.

There was no need to really worry about the cost of things like this for them.

Anyway, it follows then that Seiryuu would be returning from the usual phone
shop. That teacher’s family happened to own it. The clerk who saw him passing
through was aware of Seiryuu’s… tendencies… and so was already prepared with
the appropriate model of phone.

Having the process rather simplified at this point, Seiryuu had already
finished configuring the device to his liking by the time he reached the door.
He was rather cautious before entering though. He knew that if he wasn’t
careful, he’d be ambushed.

What would the trick be this time?

He threw the door open quickly without walking inside. A bucket fell. It didn’t
seem to have been filled with anything. Perhaps that was Sayoko’s consideration
for him this time…

He walked in, still cautious, but Sayoko was well prepared. The door closed
without him noticing and his field of vision was suddenly obstructed. There was
a sudden weight on his back as well.

“Nihihihi!”

The girl laughed confidently.

“Onii-wrangling, complete!”

At this point Seiryuu was on the ground with his hands tied behind his back. It
was then that he realized… there really was no candy.

Also that his new phone had been seized.

“Dammit, every time!”

Maybe there would be one day that he’d be able to come in without getting
wrangled so easily. Alas, his device became the personal plaything of his
younger sister. She had configured it to her liking and installed a parental
lock on the device. There was likely sophisticated tracking software setup that
would be difficult to detect.

“What the hell…” Seiryuu muttered to himself.

After removing the blindfold and untying Seiryuu (who had nearly freed himself
that time), Sayoko tossed the phone back to him. With a look of the strong
mocking the weak, she said “Fufufu, maybe you’ll be able to win eventually!
However, as you are right now, there’s no chance Onii-kyun!”

“Don’t change your laugh like that! It hasn’t even been a full page since your
last laugh dammit.”

“Page? You’re delusional. Anyway, I’m off to cook dinner now~”

She disappeared shortly. Seiryuu looked at his phone.

The home screen’s wallpaper was that of Sayoko in an apron.

“Well at least she didn’t change that…”

---------

Seiryuu decided to head to the living room after having put his things away
upstairs. It seems that Sayoko had left her game turned on.

Much to Seiryuu’s dismay it was one of those “BL” games that Sayoko liked… He
was about to turn it off when a wooden spoon greeted the side of his head.

“Don’t turn it off! I forgot to save!”

Holding the side of his head, he flashed a smile.

“So what you’re saying is… that right now I hold the fate of your game’s
progress in my hands?”

“...”

“Heheheh…”

“I’ll poison your portion, ya know? ~☆” she said with a smile.

“Dammit.”

“Hey hey, Onii onii, why don’t you play it for me? It’s really fun!”

“... No.”

“Awwww, come on!”

With a gross sounding voice Sayoko continued, “It’s really good Onii. Heheheh.”

“You’re burning the food.”

“Ah!”

With that predictably boring exchange, Sayoko returned to the kitchen.
Meanwhile, Seiryuu left to his room once more and stared at his phone.

--------

Staring absentmindedly into the rather dense array of LEDs flashing colors at
him, Seiryuu thought about various things that took place the past few days.

The girls from the rooftop came to mind briefly, but why? They didn’t matter.
What was it about them that Seiryuu couldn’t ignore?

He remembered something from his and Sayoko’s past. A time when she had been
crying too. A time when he was also crying.

“Well, even though that happened, I guess we don’t have to worry about our
financial situation as a result… Maybe that’s made us more reckless though.”

Sayoko’s face floated to his mind.

“Especially Sayoko…”

--------

After a while Sayoko came to get him. Dinner was ready.

When it was breakfast, Seiryuu would have to worry about Sayoko’s peculiar
cooking sense. However, he insisted that Sayoko cooked normal things for
dinner. In exchange, he wouldn’t complain about what she made for breakfast.

It would’ve been better, Seiryuu thought, if he could just go ahead and cook
once in awhile. However, Sayoko would never let him. She always insisted that
she be the one to do it. He kind of understood, since there was a lot that she
wasn’t able to do…

The meal was fairly normal. Much better than packaged noodles, at least.

Sayoko was talking about something enthusiastically, but it was difficult for
Seiryuu to concentrate on this. His mind had been wandering for a while.

“Is something on your mind, Onii?”

“No. I’m fine.”

“Hmm. Well alright then.”

Seiryuu realized that he hadn’t at least appeared to have been listening to her,
so he decided to make more of an effort… though that decision would be wasted
as she had already set out to cleaning up.

As Sayoko headed back toward the kitchen, a phone call came in. Seiryuu went to
answer it.

--------

“Hello?”

“...”

A static noise seeped through the phone.

“Uhh, hello?”

“... Are you…”

He heard a voice then. It sounded incredibly distorted, almost as though the
voice was being transmitted over an extremely shoddy connection which had long
outlived its life expectancy.

“Yes?”

“... going to join…”

It seemed like the voice was having a large level of difficulty getting
through. Whose line was at fault anyway? Was it Seiryuu’s, or theirs?

“I’m sorry, you’re not really coming through very well…”

Suddenly, the connection became crystal clear. He heard the sound of young
children laughing.

It was… creepy. What was this all of a sudden?

“...”

Seiryuu remained silent for a moment.

“The recital! The recital!”

It seemed the voices in the distance were singing something. It made no sense
though.

The distortion came back, and the voice changed to that of an old man.

“Us?”

The call ended at that point.

--------

“Oni-i, are you done yet?”

Sayoko seemed to be getting a bit impatient with Seiryuu. Why though? It’s only
been a few seconds really. Maybe a minute or two at most.

“Yeah…”

“Jeez, you don’t usually talk on the phone that long!”

“Ha ha ha,” Seiryuu laughed dryly.

Sure, he wasn’t very sociable, but that was no reason to point out that even a
conversation that lasts only a few seconds is a long one for him!

“You’ve been there for hours, come on we should pla-y!”

“What an exaggeration,” Seiryuu thought to himself.

“Alright alright, let’s play then.”

She flashed an evil smile.

“... Not that though!”

“Aww, come on… It’s a really good game!”

--------

The next day, on his way to school, Seiryuu got the feeling that somebody was
following him. Normally you’d expect people to be going the same way as you to
school in a town like that. So this shouldn’t have been a problem.

However, Seiryuu had woken up rather late. It was unusual for him to sleep in
so long past his alarm. So, who would be going to school at this time? It’s not
inconceivable for a student or two to have been late as well. The bothersome
thing about this though, was that Seiryuu hadn’t been able to spot anyone else.

Maybe he was just being overly paranoid, since he was normally on time. That
must be it.

--------

While on lunch, he spotted that pair of girls again. He looked over at them,
wondering whether they had actually gone to see that teacher. They seemed to
notice him. Their expressions were blank, but they hurried toward him for some
reason.

“So?” one asked him.

“So?” the other repeated.

Their voices were both monotone and seemed to lack all human sensibility.

“... ‘So’ what? I was just wondering if you had went to see that teacher is
all...”

Thinking that they were wondering why he was staring, he spit that line out.

They decided not to press further, and went back to their seats and resumed
idly eating their lunches. Almost mechanically.

Seiryuu felt that something weird was going on here.

Something weird was definitely going on. However, nothing bad had really
happened. There was no need to be concerned, right?

--------

On his way home, Seiryuu would need to pick up another phone. This morning’s
incident was caused not by the alarm, but by Seiryuu throwing the phone with
all his might into the wall. The wall somehow won the conflict with the phone…
the phone meanwhile learned the joys of becoming a thousand units ready for
battle! Alas they lost against gravity too and were merely bits of metal and
plastic scattered across the floor.

The clerk, who always wore a business-ready smile, handed Seiryuu the phone
elegantly, taking Seiryuu’s card at the same time. Their exchange was very
practiced by this point.

On his way back home from that phone shop, Seiryuu spotted a large teddy bear
in a certain shop’s window.

“Sayoko’s birthday is coming up soon, isn’t it? …” he muttered to himself.

He passed that shop, making a note to himself to return later and get her a
present. It would be too dangerous now… (She might discover him immediately
upon his return.)

Approaching the door, he looked around cautiously. It wasn’t unusual for Sayoko
to prepare other tricks and traps nearby, though it wasn’t as frequent as her
inside attacks.

“All clear…”

Seiryuu cautiously opened the door. Two buckets this time! They hit the floor
meaninglessly. Seiryuu wouldn’t be caught this time! He rushed in and closed
the door immediately to grab Sayoko! Perhaps this time it would be he who
wrangled her!

… She’s… not there?

He turned around quickly in horror, but it was too late. She dropped from the
ceiling and his vision was obscured once more.

“Guhehehehe!!!” she laughed crudely.

She then replaced the phone’s settings as was usual. The parental controls, the
hidden tracking system that likely cost several million on the black market, …
other things....

(Seiryuu would never mention it, but she seemed to have an arsenal of BL games
ready for install at a given notice, and Seiryuu’s phones would routinely get
filled with them. He’d try to delete them, but his efforts were futile…)

When Sayoko had finished having her way with Seiryuu’s phone, she tossed it
back at him as the victor once more.

“Nufufufu, Onii-kyun! It seems you’re still no match for me! Nyahaha.”

“Stop changing your laugh! It’s really jarring dammit!”

Sticking her tongue out, she left once more to prepare dinner.

… What the hell?

Seiryuu had a look at his phone. He suddenly received a call directly to his
cell phone. Incidentally, his ringtone was the sound of moaning…

“Well, at least she left that the same,” he thought to himself before answering.

“Onii! I forgot to tell you earlier, but we actually need some more ingredients
for tonight’s dinner! I’ll text you the list so be a dear and go get them,
‘kay?”

“... Alright. You know… You could come with me if you wanted.”

Maybe that was a cruel thing of him to say though.

“... I’ll leave it to you. (Thank you, but I can’t.)”

It seemed she muttered something at the end of that statement, but Seiryuu
didn’t really catch it.

“What was that?” he asked, though by then the call had ended.

With his new text message to keep him company instead, he left the house once
more.

(Why did she call him? Couldn’t she have just gone right up to him? It wouldn’t
have been possible for her to call him earlier in the day. He didn’t have a
working phone then, but if that weren’t the case, it would have made more sense
to call then. Maybe she just wanted to use her phone once in awhile or
something. Oh well.)

--------

He left the house and went to get ingredients. The associate from the phone
store happened to be walking around in the shopping district.

Wearing a surprised-seeming expression, the associate smiled.

“My, I hope you haven’t already gone through that phone too! It’s barely been
twenty minutes you know.”

“Ha ha ha. No, I just had some shopping to do. My little sister’s sent me to
get ingredients.”

“Relying on your little sister’s commands, huh? Hahaha, I guess that is like
you. By the way, you mention her every once in awhile, but maybe you should
consider bringing her with you sometimes. At this point, she sounds more like a
fictional scapegoat for your irra- I mean your peculiar commerce needs.”

The jackass wore a smile throughout the exchange.

“Yeah, maybe some day. Anyway, I’ll be off then. See ya around later.”

“Sure. Have a good day.”

As they parted ways, it sounded like the associate had accidentally bumped into
someone.

“(Oh, excuse me.)”

“(...)”

Seiryuu continued on without much interest.

--------

Having gathered enough ingredients, Seiryuu returned home. He figured it would
be safe to get through the door now, since Sayoko wouldn’t set up another trap.
After all, he didn’t have another phone with him, so why would she?

Still, upon entering it seemed rather quiet.

He walked through the entryway and called out to her.

“Sayoko, I’m back!”

There was no response. How unusual.

“Sayoko?” he called out once more, heading toward the kitchen. He was a bit
worried at this point.

There was no response.

Upon entering the kitchen he found her, lying on the floor. Unconscious.

Did it happen again? Seiryuu walked toward her hurriedly, and picked her up.

She wouldn’t allow him to enter her room, no matter what. So instead, he took
her to the living room sofa. Gently laying her down, then spreading a blanket
for her, he left. The stove would need to be turned off. The ingredients he had
set aside when he saw her lying there would need to be put away as well. He
took care of these tasks solemnly.

This wasn’t an unusual occurrence. Her narcolepsy was rather severe, actually.
In addition to that, she’s also a complete shut-in as a result of some set of
social phobias.

Once Seiryuu finished cleaning up after her, he sat by her side and gently pat
her head. After a while, he fell asleep too.

--------

The phone was ringing. It was the house phone again.

Seiryuu reached out for it, but was unable to grasp the receiver.

Sayoko reached out for it, but was too afraid to answer at the last second.

The floor stretched. It was stretching too much! A crack appeared.

Sayoko floated away from Seiryuu.

Seiryuu floated away from Sayoko.

The two of them reached out for each other…

… and yet the phone wouldn’t stop ringing.

--------

Opening his eyes slowly, he noticed a small weight moving about on his head,
and an incessant ringing sound.

“Onii, the phone’s ringing,” she said in a soft and gentle voice.

“... Yeah. I’ll get it.”

In an even smaller voice, Sayoko added an undirected apology. Did it reach
Seiryuu as he left her side once more?

“Hello?” Seiryuu answered upon picking up the receiver.

“...”

The static was back. What was with this?

“I’m hanging up.”

Suddenly, a voice began speaking to him…

----

“Onii’s been away for awhile now,” Sayoko thought to herself.

“Maybe I’m really that much of a bother to him after all…”

It was a selfish thought filled with her insecurity and inability to trust.
Even though her brother was the most trustworthy person she had left, she
couldn’t trust him after all.

*step, step*

“Is there something else I can do? There’s no way I can repay him though… What
can I do?”

She was so inwardly focused on her own doubts.

*step, step*

“Is there something only I can do for him?”

Wondering about such things, Sayoko began doubting herself.

*step, step*

“It’s all my fault…”

*step*

--------

The voice on the other end of the receiver was speaking quickly. The words were
coming by too fast. Even if the connection were clear, it would be immensely
difficult to distinguish individual words. Despite that, Seiryuu had a feeling
that the words were out of order to begin with. They probably made no sense.
It’s like some foreigner ran a song into some translation software and gave it
to a certain ubiquitous voice synthesizer with the tempo set up as high as it
could go.

Then at the end of the rapid fire stream of seemingly nonsensical words, the
voice stopped.

“Us?”

The phone call ended there. This time it was the sound of an old woman. Seiryuu
thought the voice sounded familiar, but was unsure of where he might have heard
it before. Something about that stood out to him more than any other part of
this phone call.

--------

Returning to the living room, he noticed Sayoko wasn’t there. Perhaps she had
gone up to her room? Wouldn’t he have noticed her, though? The phone was right
by the stairway leading to the second floor, where her room would also be. It
had only been a few seconds anyway. Maybe she had gone back to the kitchen or
something? Though he’d have also been likely to notice her heading there as
well, it was less likely than her going upstairs.

He didn’t see her in the kitchen, or on the way there. Maybe she really had
successfully went past him without his notice. So he went upstairs and headed
to his room.

By now he was feeling pretty tired. Maybe it was just an unusually active day
for him? Maybe he was still weary from his fatigue this morning too. Whatever
it was, it seemed like he’d pass out the moment he hit his pillow. Thinking
this, he made sure his alarm was set on his way to his room, and called out a
“Good night” to Sayoko, since he wasn’t sure where she was.

His head hit the pillow, and as he expected sleep began to take over. As he was
fading away into a deep slumber, he thought he heard the sound of a door
opening followed by...

*step, step*

--------

“Asa! Asa dayo motherfucker!”

Seiryuu’s alarm tone was playing.

“Goddammit, shut up!” he screamed out half-asleep. (Probably
three-quarters-asleep actually. Maybe it was closer to ninety-percent-asleep.
Actually it might be more accurate to say that the amount of consciousness in
him at this point was negligible and would be considered “within a margin of
error” in scientific measurements. In any case, he couldn’t be viewed as “fully
awake” at this point.)

“Nnnn” a sound from beside him was heard.

“... Huh?” he said still half-asleep. While he had tried to hit his phone to
shut it up, he was somehow unable to reach it.

“... Wha-?”

Well, Sayoko was found. At least, that definitely looked like Sayoko.

“Onii-chan,” she muttered, while asleep.

“...”

Seiryuu was fairly certain that a turn of events like this would be unlikely to
happen at their age. I mean, come on, it’s not like she’d get scared of the
dark that easily. Maybe it was just because he hadn’t wished her a good night
directly. Yeah, that’s it. Right?

“... Uhh… It’s morning.”

“Hmm…”

Sayoko got up listlessly. It seemed like a terrible chore. She got out of bed
and began walking around as though looking for something.

“Uhh… Sayoko? You okay there?”

“?”

She turned to face him. More accurately, you could say that she turned to face
the source of the sound.

“Onii-chan?”

“... Yes… ?”

“It’s rude to break into my room like that. I’m the one who wrangles you.
Remember that.”

“... You broke into my room.”

“Huh? Are you sure about that? The data I have on file clearly states that this
is my room. I mean just look a-...”

She seems to have realized her mistake. This is pretty unusual of her.
Something definitely seems off, but she’s just half asleep.

“Aliens.”

“... What?”

Seiryuu was obviously confused by this sudden statement of sorts.

“You look like you’re trying to solve some incomprehensible mystery, Onii-chan.
If the mystery is too difficult, then it’s the work of aliens.”

“I somehow feel like you’re acting like some sort of purposeful reference to
some 5th wall breaking production, and yet that makes no sense. Have you
considered whether you’re fully awake?”

“Oho. You say that, but I notice that you’re talking to your phone’s wallpaper!”

Seiryuu realized he was actually talking to his phone at some point. He was
clearly not awake yet.

“Fine fine, aliens did it. I’m going to sleep.”

“‘Kay.”

Sayoko crawled back into the bed.

“... No wait,” she suddenly remembered.

“Come on you have school. I’ll keep your spot warm for you~” she said in a
half-yawn.

“This is unfair…” Seiryuu muttered to himself before getting out of bed.

--------

On his way out, Seiryuu noticed something in the corner of his eye. Did
somebody spill something? He turned back to see if anything had spilled, but
didn’t see anything after all. He must’ve still been fairly tired.

--------

It was lunchtime again. Seiryuu once more spotted the two girls, but something
seemed even odder about them… Though that was just a feeling. This time he
decided to approach them.

“Hey, have you guys been, uhh…” he realized how weird the question was.

The two looked at him emotionlessly.

“... have you been calling me lately?”

Though Seiryuu wouldn’t really mind if they had laughed at him and made fun of
him for that assumption, -- he wasn’t bothered by such petty things after all,
he told himself, -- the result was a bit more stressful.

They remained silent, then each answered separately.

“I have not.”

“I have not.”

“... Oh. Well, okay then, I guess.”

Seiryuu figured they might have been trying to prank him or something. There
weren’t a whole lot of reasons for why they might do something like that, but
it wouldn’t have bothered him if that were the case.

If those strange phone calls continued, he might have to have the number
changed. Then he’d have to distribute the new number to the contact list. It
seemed like a bit of a pain for a simple prank, so it would be better to just
get the pranker to give up. A direct confrontation would be easiest, but now he
was out of leads.

He was doubtful though. They might not have told the truth. So, he pressed them
again.

“Although, when I think about it, if you were pranking me then maybe you
wouldn’t admit it, right?”

“...” “...”

They were silent.

“Actually, I kind of get the feeling that you’ve been following me around
lately.”

By this point, Seiryuu was outright claiming they were stalkers. His voice was
slightly louder than when he had timidly asked whether they had called him
earlier, but it wasn’t a shout. Even so, the students nearby were able to hear,
and that wasn’t exactly his intention.

One of the students, we’ll call them NPC-A, responded as any useless
“irritating-type” NPC would: “Wow, you sure think highly of yourself, huh? You
know, that’s pretty rude.”

Seiryuu didn’t really care about that. This wasn’t a topic that he really
needed to participate in anyway, so he left with just these parting words to
the pair:

“You know where to find me if you feel like confessing.”

At this point NPC-A seemed pretty disgusted, while a new one, we’ll call them
NPC-B, was suddenly interested in what this conversation was about.

--------

Out of habit, Seiryuu stopped by the phone shop on his way back home. There was
no real reason for him to be there though, as his phone somehow managed to
escape its inevitable fate… Temporarily…

Having realized this, he made to exit.

The associate found this strange, but amusing and chuckled to himself. He then
called out to Seiryuu,

“Have you been getting weaker?”

Seiryuu stopped for a moment, laughed and said “Probably,” before leaving.

It was an utterly meaningless happening, but it did take place.

On his way back home, he figured there’d be no need to worry about a trap.
After all, he wasn’t bringing a new phone back with him now either. There was
no need to, right?

Still, he was cautious anyway. It wouldn’t do him any good to be reckless now.

No trap was setup, it seems.

“Sayoko?”

Seiryuu called out for his little sister.

“I’m back…”

He checked the living room. She wasn’t there.

He then checked the kitchen. She wasn’t preparing dinner, but she was there.
Just standing.

“What’s going on?” Seiryuu asked.

“...”

“Sayoko?”

“I’m… sorry…”

*drip, drip*

She turned to face him. That’s when Seiryuu noticed.

“I’m sorry… Onii… I was always a bother, right?”

“Sayoko!”

Seiryuu ran toward her.

*drip, drip*

As she collapsed, she let out one last sentence,

“You don’t have to worry anymore, Seiryuu.”

There was nothing he could do. There was nothing Seiryuu could do for Sayoko.

He didn’t understand what was going on. He didn’t understand at all.

She was falling apart, slipping through his fingers.

She was disappearing, going somewhere far away.

Going somewhere out of his reach.

“What… the hell?” Seiryuu was bothered by all this. It was too sudden. Why was
it happening? Why now? What had happened? No matter how he looked at it, there
was nothing that Sayoko had done wrong. Nothing that she had to be worried
about. Weren’t they having fun this morning? Wasn’t she happy then? So why… why
would she do something like this now?

--------

One week had passed. A number of people from his corporation had taken care of
Sayoko’s funeral. There was nothing they were able to do.

Today would be Sayoko’s birthday. The teddy bear was no longer in the shop’s
window, but it wasn’t Seiryuu who had bought it. That stuffed toy went to
someone else.

“It should have gone to Sayoko…” Seiryuu thought.

Arriving home, he was greeted,

“...”

with silence.

The pair of girls from before had been standing inside, waiting for him.

The phone began ringing shortly after that.

“You have a phone call, ‘Onii-chan’,” one of them said mischievously. The other
girl picked up the phone and stated “He’s ready now,” then held it out to
Seiryuu.

“It’s for you, ‘Onii-chan’.”

Seiryuu, having realized what happened, reached out for the phone. Speaking to
nobody in particular, he muttered “‘Aliens’ was it?”

He laughed derisively at himself, then picked up the phone.

----------------

**BAD END.**

> **NotKyon:** That's it for this story~ Can you solve the mystery? Good luck!
  There are plenty of hints, so I think it's probably pretty easy to solve. As
  for whether aliens actually did it... well, it can be solved in human terms.
